Update js sdk to v4 alpha10 and add stt (#26)
charisma-ai/charisma-react: CHANGELOG.md

- **BREAKING:** This packages now exports ES Module only.
- **BREAKING:** `playthroughId`s and `conversationId`s have been changed from `number` to `string` type everywhere in this SDK, and renamed to `playthroughUuid` and `conversationUuid`.
- **BREAKING:** Upgraded to `@charisma-ai/sdk@4` which has its own set of breaking changes. Please consule its own [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/charisma-ai/charisma-react/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

> - Add speech recognition
> - Add a test app and update the readme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added speech recognition support to `Playthrough`.
- Added a React example app in `/test` to demonstrate how to use the SDK.
```
